Xie Fanxing
Look at how humiliating you are, a wild man
If I had such a boyfriend
I'm going to be killed
Whether it's acting or not, we'll know later
The manager hurriedly prepares the formalities
Swipe my card
Well, this Karongjingtian, what kind of broken card are you?
Are you sure he can swipe the money?
This card is actually red
Like a kid's card
Manager, have you seen this kind of card?
I've never seen that before.
So far.
The card with the largest password
It is the black gold card in the hands of our richest man Xu
Hum Longjing Tian
Are you exposed?
Get a kid's play card
I want to buy a million-dollar luxury car
Are you tired of living?
manager
Hurry up and call the security guard in and teach him a lesson
Longjingtian
It seems that our contempt for you is sure to lose
Know each other
Kneel down and kowtow to me and admit your mistake
Kowtow and kowtow satisfactorily, my husband can still spare your life
This card must be in case the level is unknown
Too normal but